Errm...
Can you see me...?
Can you hear me...?
It's your Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
Huh?
I seem a little different than usual?
Oh, no no! I'm the same as always!
Do you know what day it is tomorrow?
Yes!
That's right!
Tomorrow is...
Valentines Day!
When you think of Valentines Day...
It's all about giving chocolate to the person you like,
and also giving chocolate to your friends and people you get along with.
Anyway, it's a day to confess your feelings.
But, unlike all of you,
I can't give out chocolates directly...
Even though I'm virtual...
In a virtual way,
"I want to give everyone chocolate"...
is what I was thinking.
I needed to think about what kind of chocolate to give you...
so I did a bit of research myself.
Pierre Hermé's chocolate is a bit expensive and...
While I'm at it,
I thought I could make chocolate that looks like me!
Maybe white chocolate?
That would be cheap, so...
I could maybe give it to everyone.
And, also during White Day...
I been thinking a lot.
The best thing is...
to get something that would please everyone.
In a sense, that's something that I would do.
Hmm?
What's up?
You're curious what's below the screen?
No, no, don't rush me about it.
You're so impatient!
Ah!
You can't look yet, wait until I'm ready!
I tried my best to prepare this.
What should I do?
Do you want to see it?
Are you curious what's below me?
My valentine chocolate present to everyone...
that is...
I AM THE VALENTINE CHOCOLATE!!!!!
Aaahhh..waa!!!
Hot! Hot!
But...!
Wheeeee!
It's hotter than I thought it would be!
I think I might be dying!
Hot! Hot!